added audio capture doc and capability (#1161)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/test-configuration-options.md

Enables mobile app instrumentation (Android or iOS) and recording of HTTP/HTTPS network traffic for debugging purposes. API calls are collected into a HAR file, which you can view and download from your **Test Results** > **Network** tab console. The default value is `false`.

---

> ### `audioCapture`

Author: @kristofmuhi , is there a capability for Espresso/XCUITest as well?

Reviewer: the Espesso/XCUITest name will be the same just like for networkCapture! 
LESS CONFUSION! (finally)

Author: @aoleszyn Per @kristofmuhi 's clarification, please add the `networkCapture` capability to the [Espresso](https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/espresso/) and [XCUITest](https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/xcuitest/) docs.

Reviewer: @kimsauce  lets do that in an other PR, since the backend is not yet ready with XCUI and Espresso

<p><small>| BOOLEAN | <span className="sauceDBlue">Real Devices Only</span></small> | </p>

> Enables the audio recording of your native mobile application. The audio will be part of the test results page video file, which you can playback in our built-in media playor and download from your **Test Results** page. The default value is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
Enables audio recording in your iOS and Android native mobile app tests. The audio will be part of the **Test Results** page video file, which you can play back and download in our built-in media player. The default value is `false`.
```
